And drop in a link to that new video, Mark, drop in a link to that new video of you posted,
please.
If you're not following Houston on a glib, you need to get off your, you know what,
and figure it out.
The last couple of days have been gigantic.
We got to get our, we got to get this message out, ladies and gentlemen, if the fire is hot,
the steady pressure is working.
I know I'm late tonight, but I believe we are well over two weeks straight.
I don't know.
It could even be three.
We're getting close to three weeks straight.
You scheduled for 16 minutes next.
He's going on French.
Drop a link in the chat, Mark, you mark.
Japanese televisions.
Smooth and tronic.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Teenage sleuths solved bone hijacking mystery.
Test one two.
That's not too loud.
Some plan they had.
First spreading the phony story about cover, and then feeling the yachts from the marina.
That night on the beach, color was storing extra scuba tanks in the graveyard of the ship.
Yeah, but like his diving suit got covered with that kooky glowing seaweed.
And that's where the glowing ghost story came from.
Well, that close is the mystery.
How did scuba do with that?
I guess that's another mystery.
Music
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 23rd of September, 2023.
I believe it's much more likely it's elaborate.
Oh, ships, what's going on here?
Some kind of freak out.
There we go.
There was no spread in New York City, I don't think.
The infectious clones, yeah, they're real.
The placebo batches, they're real.
And the transfection, yeah, it's always been a tool that wasn't really intended for healthy animals.
I don't know what to tell you.
Breaker, breaker, one-nine, protocols were murdered.
Again, a function is a mythology, and the scuba do is real.
They're liars.
This is Giga Home Biological.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
and the people that are streaming there above my head.
If you would like to support the work of this stream, first and foremost,
do something that almost nobody does and share this stream.
I am gainfully employed at the moment as a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense,
and although I speak for myself and for my little LLC in the back of my garage here on Giga Home Biological,
it means that I don't need to beg for money except for in the sense of how much more of this can I do
and how much more independent could I be.
I'm not against going completely on my own in a year from now and trying to do something on my own
and maybe raising money for that, but for now, what we need is this thing out there.
And I have all of these friends above that are supporting me
and they're supporting me because they've been supporting me for a long time
and it's those little things that keep everything going here, make it possible to have birthday gifts
and things like that that are a little bit better than normal.
And along before that, it was actually putting food on the table and paying my rent.
So a lot of those names that are up there are not necessarily giving what they used to be giving
and some of them have been giving only a little bit for a very long time.
The point is the stream needs sharing.
Mark's work needs sharing.
That's how this wins.
That's how we get this over the finish line is more people need to see it.
Share my CHD stream with Brian Hooker from the other day, please.
It's a really decent representation of our work here
and what we've been doing together for so long.
And it's not a bad way for people to be introduced to me.
We don't talk about the virus at all.
So it's a real safe kind of intro into who is Jonathan Cooey.
And so please share it and share this stream because, again,
we're really trying to bust our hump here to be here every night
and make sure that we keep steady pressure on this because I think it's actually working.
The sand castle is starting to melt.
So please don't take the bait on TV or social media.
The bait is going to get worse.
I can guarantee it.
I am especially insulated from it.
Transfection is not immunization.
If you want to be a little more fancy about it,
you can say that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
I'm actually pretty excited about the fact that I feel confident.
Oh, I didn't check my camera.
I was not on.
I should have been on like this.
I feel pretty confident now that our steady pressure is working
in terms of having some effect on people's behavior,
effect on their rhetoric,
and maybe even influencing relationships behind the scenes
and weakening the once, I would say,
pretty good stronghold on the dissident movement
and the thinking of dissonance within the movement.
It wasn't too long ago that the sort of thing
that everybody was repeating was that we don't want to cause any division
and we have to try to stay together.
At the same time, doing world tours all around the United States
and Europe telling us about fifth generation warfare
that we could never figure out.
These people did actually change the way that we think about things.
Very specifically, they changed the way that we think about our biology
and our biology of our population, but also our biology as individuals.
And changing the way that we think about that biology
and our responsibility for it,
changing the way that we think about this biology
and a doctor's responsibility for it,
allowed people to be ventilated that didn't need to be ventilated
and allowed a poison like Remdesivir to be used en masse
in the United States, especially at certain hospitals
where the CDC and federal protocols
could be more strictly enforced.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen,
we are making accusations of iatrogenic murder.
You want to call it genocide.
I don't think it's a really good idea because it turns
the mouth-breathing TV watchers, their brains turn off.
They've already been programmed not to really compute that word
unless it's said by someone on the TV.
And so I think it's better just to call it iatrogenic murder,
hospitalized murder.
And this control of our discussion over the last three years
has really worn us down.
It's really worn us down as we've watched these actors
pretend to try and argue their way out of this,
or argue our way out of this, or sue our way out of this,
or bring a criminal case to get our way out of this,
or be a whistleblower to get our way out of this,
or to leak a document and get our way out of this,
all to solve the puzzle of who made this virus,
who's responsible for it,
as if it's possible to release an RNA sequence on the floor,
on the bottom of somebody's shoe,
or in an animal at a wet market,
and that could result in a pandemic,
where a single RNA sequence,
or let's say a thousand of them,
decide to cover the planet.
It just didn't happen, ladies and gentlemen,
and you've been fooled into believing that this mystery is worth solving.
And in so coming to solve that mystery,
you've been fooled into believing that there's pandemic potential
in bad caves, in petri dishes, in animal cultures,
and in the genetic tools and toolboxes
of molecular biologists all around the world.
And you've been led to believe this in order that your fear,
uncertainty and doubt,
will convince you that the convenience of a digital ID
and digital currency is worth it,
given the fact that, well, you know,
we've got all these diseases we might as well keep track of people.
That's what this controlled descent is all about,
is to make sure that even though we're resisting,
we walk right into the avatar.
And the way that happens is if you don't understand
that the potential for RNA viruses to pandemic
has been grossly over-exaggerated,
you must understand this.
And SARS-CoV-2 is not some molecular exception to this rule.
It is exactly the opposite of that.
It is a mythology based around the idea that this rule doesn't exist,
that this limit doesn't exist,
that this biology isn't better understood than it is.
These people have wholly lied about the ability of PCR
to detect this thing,
and they've wholly lied about its potential to hurt everyone.
And the people who are in on this narrative
are perpetuating the idea that the virus and its effects
grossly exceed that of any mistakes that would have been made
by the humans trying to do their best.
Let me repeat that.
None of these people that are perpetuating this narrative
will step out of bounds with regard to the idea
that the virus is responsible for orders of magnitude
more damage than any of the mistakes made by the people
trying their best to solve the problem that was the novel virus.
That's the central myth of this mythology.
That's the central myth that most of the people in this red triangle
are still sustaining.
And I'm being very generous when I slide Bobby underneath that red line.
I'm actually being quite generous with Sucred Bhagti as well
because he considers himself a virologist
and he has no doubt that there was one.
And so he still needs a little more convincing from Denny
and from Mike Eden and others.
But the rest of these people in one way or another,
they know what they're up to because they got a phone call
that told them what to talk about.
Nobody just becomes famous on substacks spontaneously.
Nobody just is censored on LinkedIn
but then gets to cry about it on Twitter
and then start a whole new set of social media tools
like Telegram and GAB and then come back to Twitter
in a ticker tape parade and call that censorship.
That's all of us being led around by our nose.
Real censorship's silence.
Real censorship is being on Twitch
and having only 2,700 followers for about a year.
Real censorship is being on YouTube
and having 6,000 followers for four or five years
after four or five years of putting out videos.
Real censorship is losing channels, you know?
Not losing my monetization
and then being able to go all around the internet
and cry about it like Russell Brandt is doing right now.
And so I've been trying to make maps of these people
and try to make it a little more friendly to think about
and I'm thinking about it more like a map, like a puzzle
where pieces move around
and as we learn things about people
and move those pieces around
because they're connected to other pieces,
sometimes we learn a lot when one person talks
and I find it really important, Robert Malone.
Robert Malone is really important.
I don't know why, but he's involved in everything.
And it bothers me a lot that we're not a little bit more aware
of how bad this is.
And last night and the night before
were some really big nights
for figuring out what's going on here.
I looked at a video that was only 20 minutes long
and the host of it was the Enlightenment Radio Network.
The people that were talking were Dr. Paul Catrell,
Dr. Busrider MD,
and Dr. Robert Malone,
disambiguation wizard,
and self-proclaimed inventor of all vaccination
that has to do with genetics.
And in this discussion, he sent a couple things
that were pretty inflammatory for me and for Mark,
one of which was that dexamethasone is a drug
that could be easily used to drive up the kill rate of the virus,
ha ha ha.
And that remdesivir was also something
that wasn't living up to its rep,
and it was a rabbit hole that they didn't want to go down.
So basically in a couple sentences,
they admitted that there's a real big chance
that the protocols are screwing people up pretty rapidly.
And it's not that big a deal,
because actually maybe people would be doing that on purpose.
The only reason why he would know that, of course,
is that he was round when that was done for the AIDS virus.
But we're not going to go there right now.
I think it's really important for everybody to see this.
The MMR and Dr. Wakefield.
The reason I mention this is you've had the...
your change in kind of view around vaccines in general
has also coincided with your...
I don't know if it's a real acquaintance with
or an acquaintance with the case of Wakefield.
So for the Brits here, just to hear this from you,
do you think he was perhaps right all along?
I think he was right all along,
and I think he will be vindicated, absolutely.
Wow.
So do you agree with Tess then?
Have you...
Has your...
So my view has changed.
Now I can tell you,
if I was a young parent today,
what I would do is I would forgo the vaccines.
I'm not an anti-vaxxer.
I can't be.
I'm a pin cushion.
I took all these vaccines.
Now what I am though,
is I'm now vaccine risk aware.
And let me tell you what Andy Wakefield was, right?
And all Andy Wakefield could have this famous...
I wonder how many people in the audience
who haven't seen this understand how significant it is.
And I wonder how many people in the audience
understand how significant this is.
Because I'm going to put this out there right now
in case you haven't considered it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has never said that.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. says that he wants the vaccines tested.
He's never actually said the words,
I would say, if I was a mom right now,
I would forgo the vaccines.
It's never said that.
Never, ever, ever said that.
Never even come close to it.
It's not because he's smart.
It's because he's a lawyer,
because that's the thing they do.
That's what they do.
And he has stuck to the line of,
well, I want them tested.
I want them tested against a placebo.
It's the exact same line that Aaron Ciri defends.
This is gigantic,
because it's the same thing that I'm saying
at the beginning of the stream,
and it's not...
We're not leaders.
Because we just came to this realization.
I came to it in 2022.
He's coming to it in 2022 or 23 as well.
And so there's people that have already been there,
that already have been taken bullets for years.
And some of them, many of them took...
The first bullet they took was with their kid.
So we got no excuse.
But this is giant.
Because every single person that stands up in the lawn section
and starts dancing is one more person that can lead to it.
A massive change.
And that won't be stoppable.
There will be people who will turn their TV up really loud
to make sure that they don't hear it.
But it will be unstoppable.
And more importantly,
those people that are waking up like that
will definitely make their way to the voting booth, I hope.
And I'm terrified to think of how rigged it is.
I'm terrified to even think about it.
But the most important thing is that people are waking up.
And this is a sign that Dr. Peter McCullough may just have been told
what he can say and what he cannot say.
And that's why he's...
When he was on my show, it was almost as if he was under duress.
Because he knew coming on my show he was going to be pushed to say
the stuff that he's not allowed to say and he didn't say it.
And that's fine if he's going to say this.
Let's listen to it again because this is really an extraordinary moment
in this pandemic.
It is of the MMR and Dr. Wakefield.
The reason I mention this is you've had the...
Your change in kind of view around vaccines in general
has also coincided with your...
I don't know if it's a reacquaintance with or an acquaintance
with the case of Wakefield.
So for the Brits here just to hear this from you,
do you think he was perhaps right all along?
I think he was right all along and I think he will be vindicated
absolutely.
So do you agree with Tess then?
Has your view moved?
My view has changed.
Now I can tell you, if I was a young parent today,
what I would do is I would forego the vaccines.
I'm not an anti-vaxxer. I can't be. I'm a pin cushion.
I took all these vaccines.
Now what I am though is I'm now vaccine risk aware.
And let me tell you what Andy Wakefield was right.
But all Andy Wakefield was saying is that maybe it's too intense.
Maybe we ought to just kind of spread him out.
That's all he was really saying.
It's really important that you understand how important
that what that really means.
Because when pieces move around like this,
we really need to understand how they're shifting.
And I think it's very likely that we can start to think of
and we need to start thinking of
Bobby and Peter as being closer to Green than anything.
I mean we just have to bring them onto the side of understanding
that there wasn't any spread in New York
and therefore it had to be something else.
We have to think about it like something else.
And so I want you to watch a movie with me today
because there's another video that I found that's from the same
Enlightenment radio network that Mark exposed and looked at
with his stream the other night and the one that I happened upon
that I didn't really realize was such a gold mine
of Robert Malone footage.
And I want you to realize
that I put Robert Malone above my head now because
okay so he's streaming with Paul Catrell on this
Enlightenment radio network.
He's plugging George Webb all the oops
can you see my arrow? No you couldn't.
So he's streaming with Paul Catrell.
He's doing George Webb promotions on his website
like more than three times he's promoted George Webb
to his subscribers that are more than a million right?
So that seems a little kind of like shooting yourself in the foot.
He's done Paul Catrell shows which I also find very extraordinary
if you can come out on, if you can come out on,
I mean why is he wasting his time with those people?
Those videos have like 47 views
were they streaming on some other platform?
Was it really a radio show? I don't know.
But it's extraordinary.
And it tells us something because of what Mark found last night
which is that that guy Neely was actually
was actually arrested on January 6th at the Capitol.
Now it's not to say that that makes him a good guy or a bad guy.
It means something though.
It's bizarre.
It's weird though.
And we've got to really consider the fact that he was there
that Robert has worked with these guys many times
and what this means from the perspective of who all these people are
why are they all connected.
And on that map that we were looking at back there you know
there's a real, oh yeah we don't leave this off for now.
There's a real, it's just, it's so,
it's so defeating to think that, you know, over here,
that's it, there we go.
And I don't think the podcast is called Black and White.
I don't think it's called Blacks and Whites.
But that's how they wrote it in here.
When you look at the thumbnail, it's Black and White I believe.
But it's, anyway, here we go.
Let's just do this.
I'm going to set it fast though because I don't want to stay up super late.
I want to get done.
And I know you guys don't mind, right?
I mean I'm going to do a one and a half times.
I hope that's going to be fast enough to get done.
We only want to deal with facts.
It's time for you to re-enter from there.
It's time for Dan and Darryl.
I'll put myself a little small.
Welcome back to Black and White.
And we have, I call it one of our favorite people.
So he's been on more than anybody else.
Dr. Robert Long, he'll be on just a minute.
But I want to just take a minute or so and raise a couple of quick issues.
The story came out yesterday that in New York, Chicago and Philadelphia,
there are more people dying from gun shot wounds than from the virus.
I'm going to say that again.
More people dying from gun shot wounds in New York,
Philadelphia and Chicago than the virus.
And so if you start to look and you try and find out how many people have died of delta,
it's almost impossible to find out.
They keep talking about the infection rates are up and people in the hospital are up,
but the death rates seem to be not moving very much.
So that the virus we're dealing with delta apparently spreads more
and affects more people and puts some people in the hospital.
But it's not killing people anywhere near it's big sister was.
So with that to talk about the second stage of the delta trilogy,
it's Dr. Robert Malone who's been with us three or four times before.
And so Dr. welcome back to Black and White.
My pleasure Dan and I look forward to what you post this as a podcast
and being able to cross post it on Twitter.
I think we've got some important topics today.
Well, I was going to suggest something but I've changed my mind, Dr. since
you're a hell of a lot smarter than me, probably a girl smarter than me.
So but you tell us what is the most important message
that you want to communicate to our listeners today.
What's first and foremost in your mind?
Actually, I've got about four of them right now.
They're all at the same time.
So this is like reading the news over the last week really quickly.
One of the things that the big bombshell that dropped last Friday
was the Washington Post article based on a leaked CDC slide deck about delta,
among other things.
And the press and the Washington Post downplayed it,
but the slide deck you can read it yourself and I put links to that in my Twitter account
or you can get it from the Washington Post.
So it clearly documents that delta is able to infect people
that have been previously vaccinated.
So that's a bombshell.
It also documents that delta is about as infectious as the chickenpox virus.
What that means for those that are technical, you know, epidemiologists
in training, which seems like most of us these days,
is the are not the reproductive coefficient is about eight.
The prior reproductive coefficient for the alpha variant was about two to two and a half.
So we're in the range of, you know, arguably three to four times more infectious.
According to the CDC's own slide deck, their estimate is, as you say,
delta is not more pathogenic than alpha.
So more infectious and a minimum not significantly more pathogenic.
No, in terms of your point about, you know, what are the deaths, et cetera.
Right now the two countries that are kind of ahead of the curve
that have more comprehensive data are Great Britain and Israel.
And so many of us are busy looking at those data that's fascinating in the UK data
where you've got a fairly high percent of the population is vaccinated like 75 to 80%.
And really dense vaccination in the high risk persons is just as you say,
there's a big spike in new cases for delta.
There's not a big spike in deaths.
And one of the things we've also learned over the last week about the Israeli data is fascinating.
The CDC and others have been saying, oh, but there's no adverse events being reported in the Israeli data set.
So I had a chance to talk to some Israeli physicians and scientists to learn more about this.
And the truth is that there was a deal struck between Netanyahu's government and Pfizer early on
that provided the early access to the Pfizer vaccine to Israel and its population.
And the population there was very compliant.
You know, it was expressed to me that this one woman that I was talking to scientists said that
we've had three wars that she's been there over the last four years, I think.
And when the government tells you to run for the bunkers, you generally run for bunkers.
So people are pretty willing to do whatever the government tells them to do, which is why they've had such good vaccine uptake.
But it turns out that the reason why we're not seeing reports of adverse events in Israel is because they're forbidden by law.
To report those adverse events, the contract that the government executed with Pfizer.
So Pfizer gets all the data, but the adverse event data is by contract locked away for 30 years.
Pfizer's got it, but the Israeli government can't share it with anybody else.
So that ties that one down.
There's some kind of Israeli pirate positions in scientists.
They're now collecting their own adverse events, data sets.
And so they're the ones that are starting to reveal a lot of these effects that are coming out.
Another big bombshell was just dropped last night.
Yesterday was a very experienced senior pathologist that's been paid by the government of Germany.
They were autopsies, including autopsies on people that have received vaccine within two weeks of their date of death.
He's just reported a series about 50 autopsies.
And he's claiming that about 50% of those show clear signs of death consequent to vaccine administration, mostly cardiac clocks and things like that.
So this is all comers folks that died within two weeks after vaccine administration.
So it does appear that the deaths and other adverse events, again, we're getting the same data in different ways.
It's all coming together.
The deaths and adverse events from vaccines, and these aren't adults, are showing much of the same pathology that was detected in the adolescence.
We discussed this, I think, in a last podcast.
So that's another big one.
There's a very knowledgeable virologist in the Netherlands named Gert van der Bosch.
Who I used to work with when I worked for Solve with him on the development of influenza vaccines, new influenza vaccine technology.
So Solve is based in the Netherlands, and that's where Gert lives.
Gert's a veterinary immunologist and vaccinologist.
And the general practice in the Netherlands is you don't vaccinate the herds, you don't vaccinate food animals, because you don't want to select for vaccine escape variants.
So what they do is they call a flock, let's say, chickens that gets an infection, rather than vaccinating to try to get out of it.
Gert, obviously, we can't do that with humans. Gert has been the one that's been making a really strong case that he cannot vaccinate into the teeth of a pandemic.
Because what she will do is select increasingly potent vaccine escape variants.
And by the way, those escape variants aren't coming from the unvaccinated, they're coming from the vaccinated.
So that's another lie that we've been given.
Just chalk up that the whiteboard is getting full, figure it out to go right into the 50s, I think, of lies we've been pulled.
So it's not the unvaccinated, the problem is the vaccinated.
And Gert makes the point, and it's entirely consistent with what we're seeing with these new mutants.
It's not only Delta, but Lambda now is cropping up.
And basically what's happening is by doing universal, trying to push universal vaccination over the world,
what we're doing is training everybody's immune system to respond in the same way,
as opposed to the normal situation with natural infection, is because of our genetic diversity,
we all respond to a threat pathogen in a different way immunologically, suddenly different.
And that's a good thing for the survival of human species.
That's how that's supposed to work.
That was one of the things that's selected for preservation of the under-called DNA, by the way, in Europe years millennia ago,
is this kind of genetic selection against infectious disease.
So by training everybody's immune system to respond to the same antigen in the same way,
what it means is the virus is going to get better and better and better and better
at escaping that particular type of immune response.
And when it gets there, even if it gets close to it, it's going to result in mutants that replicate much better
and completely evade the immune response in all of us that have been vaccinated.
And we're setting ourselves up, basically, I'm sorry to say I don't mean to sound alarmist,
but Bert's point is we're setting ourselves up for a global catastrophe.
And I got a...
Now let's cover what he said first up until now, up until the global catastrophe,
so that we can boil it down a little bit.
And don't get too upset with regard to...
Let me get the desk open here.
Isn't that the desk open or is this the desk open?
This must be the desk open.
No, that's awesome.
I'm going to get rid of that.
Okay, that I can do this, yes.
So in this interview, he started with talking about the Delta variant,
and specifically he said that it was a slide deck that was leaked by the CDC.
Now, if you can remember very clearly, what does a leak mean?
A leak means most likely that they want you to know this,
and he's going to break it down for you and let you know exactly what it's all about.
An R0 of 8 is absurd.
And what it means is that this...
Now they're keying into a different background signal.
And this new background signal or a new clone, if you want to have a new clone,
but I'm not buying that.
And it's very tricky because we don't really know who's doing the sequencing
when they're doing the sequencing, where the sequences are coming from,
we're just told that they're coming from all over the world.
Israel and the UK are particularly vaccinated populations,
but there's not a big spike in deaths.
And so what that seems to mean, what he seems to imply there,
is that the RNA is not working terribly.
And in the UK, the people that got AstraZeneca and didn't die,
it's not working terribly.
Now he tells the same thing about no adverse events in Israel
because the Pfizer deal can't report it,
and he also tells this story about how when the Israelis are so drilled to respond
to the governments of commands,
that when they were told to take the shots, they did it.
He also talks about the fact that there's somebody doing autopsies in Germany
and finding up to 50% of the deaths that happen right after the vaccine
are probably caused by the vaccine because of the clotting
and because of the stating for this spike in certain places.
But he says the adverse events area are the same across age groups,
and often seems to imply something to do with clotting.
So then he goes to say that Herod Vonenbalsch is an old friend of his
who he used to work with at Solve on the flu vaccine.
Interesting, isn't it?
That they also made a video in the north of Spain,
and it had drone footage and all this other stuff,
Malone is wearing some kind of baseball cap or cabbie baseball cap kind of hat.
So here we see already that on the people map we should really connect
Herod Vonenbalsch and Robert Malone because,
I mean, they used to work together for goodness sakes.
So there's no question that their messaging is being coordinated to some respect.
I mean, they're literally a phone call away from one another.
And so it's important for me to drop in here right now
that we've talked about Merrick's disease often.
And the example of Merrick's disease is not really applicable here
in the way that you might think it is.
Because with Merrick's disease in chickens,
the particularly virulent version of the virus already existed in nature.
And was competing with other less virulent forms.
And so the chickens were building immunity to a whole range of Merrick's disease type viruses
all related to one another.
Some of them would succumb to more virulent versions.
Others of them would not succumb to less virulent versions.
And some would.
But they were all there when the chickens started to become vaccinated and mass.
And so then when the vaccinated chickens were still carrying high viral loads,
then the more virulent virus was able to perpetuate and stay around
and kill the sentinel birds.
Now we need to look at that paper again so that you understand exactly what happens in that paper
and why it happens because with regard to our immune system versus the transfected
or multiple transfected, it is very different than Merrick's disease
and the vaccine and non-vaccine case.
Because unlike the chickens that are vaccinated,
these people's immune system is not being boosted anymore.
And what's more likely happening is some kind of tolerance is being built up
to that particular protein which will make virimium more likely
and perhaps perhaps it will result in vaccine enhanced disease in the old.
I don't know.
But it's not going to result in the kind of long-term protection that we are inevitably getting
as members of the control group.
Okay, we're really in a different situation than they are because our immune system
is continually learning just the way it's supposed to.
And we are taking care of our bodies in ways so that our immune system can function
as optimally as possible.
And that's something that, you know, we need to focus more and more on as we go forward
because there are going to be other challenges.
They make this talk about unvaxed and vaxed.
And then he says genetically our responses are unique.
And it's actually in history, the history of this biology is that that's the reason
why pandemics aren't really possible.
Because in order for a virus to move from person to person,
it inevitably needs to change a little bit.
And as it changes,
it's got to get through a brand new immune system each time.
And the odds are not very good because we've seen RNA viruses before.
And so this illusion that there can be an RNA virus for which you have no defense
is just 100% complete.
It's nothing. It's wrong.
And this is Robert Malone basically saying the same thing in a different way.
Trying not to really let the cat out of the bag while really having, you know,
wanting to tell the truth and liking his newfound attention.
But it's not good, ladies and gentlemen.
It's not good because this is really part of the mythology.
And he seems to be in some ways meddling in this.
And I don't know.
I got to learn more from Mark and I've got to do more of my own research
to understand the breadth and the depth of what patents he owns
and the potential intellectual property over which he may have some monopoly power.
It's hard for me to imagine that that really matters.
It may just be one of these things where he can blackmail companies.
Essentially, he can go to a company and say,
Hey, are you making something that people inhale and it's RNA?
Are you making something that people are going to put in their mucosa?
And it's got RNA or DNA in it because I own that patent.
And so if you don't want me to bring suit against you and take you for everything you're worth,
why don't you pay for my horses to get flown to Saudi Arabia
and put some money in my bank account?
And he can probably make that phone call because he knows who to call
and because he knows what to say and because he knows how the law works
and because maybe he's friends with less Weinstein.
I don't really know, but I do know for sure that if he has intellectual property
over genetic immunizations in the mucosa and inhaled genetic vaccines,
then he's got a pretty big intellectual property bone to pick
if these technologies move forward.
If any of these inhaled vaccines move forward,
it could be potentially that they're all his and he's just not saying it
instead making a stink about this other stuff over there.
All the while to get everybody's attention and make sure you know what can happen
because I'm not fooling around.
I can be on nine podcasts today telling you, telling people all about
what my intellectual property covers.
Is it a threat? Is it a display of power?
A display of endurance? Are they going to finally get revenge?
For Merck taking that patent and doing nothing with it for ten years?
I don't know.
But I have the feeling that this meddling is no joke.
I have the feeling that this meddling is no joke.
Tell you as a seasoned virologist, I'm not as knowledgeable as he is
about the molecular epidemiology that's going on.
He has very detailed understanding of this and has been talking
intensely with other molecular epidemiologists.
I'm completely convinced by his argument.
By doing vaccination, mass vaccination, using only spike.
We're setting up a policy where we're putting the entire global
population at risk.
And it's just coming out of pure stupidity and thoughtlessness.
Now, the CDC slide deck that came out among the other bombshells,
they assert that natural infection also doesn't last until about
for many more than about six months, which is by the way.
So there's the other one, right?
There's the other bomb drop that the CDC's leaked slide deck also says
that natural immunity only lasts for six months.
And so now think about how diabolical it is to make it a leak
so that it must be real.
I mean, it must be real.
So then everybody's going, oh, wow, the CDC wasn't even going to tell us
that natural immunity didn't work.
And it's crazy because then you would never have any,
you would never have any expectations for the mRNA to work any longer
than six months.
If natural immunity doesn't last any longer than six months, right?
I see.
But of course we know that's nonsense.
You know that that's what I was saying from the absolute very start
that we had previous immunity to other RNA viruses that would help us
with this one.
It was absurd to call it novel.
And now here we have Robert Malone going right with the faith,
right with the mythology.
The way the number for the Pfizer vaccine,
Pfizer groups out at six months.
Among the other bombshells, they assert that natural infection also doesn't
last until about, from any more than about six months, which is by the way,
the number for the Pfizer vaccine, Pfizer groups out at six months.
So Pfizer, you may recall a few weeks ago, said we're going to have to have
boosters at six months.
They knew this course because they had all the Israeli data.
Tony Fauci came out and reprimanded them so they had no right to say that
without his permission.
They backed down.
And then two weeks later, HHS came out with an announcement saying that we
are going to have all the elderly and high-risk individuals are going to have
to get re-vaccinated six months.
Okay.
Now, by the way, today, the WHO comes out with a statement saying, no, no,
no, no, we can't do that.
We've got to vaccinate the whole world.
And so we should be moving these vaccines into the emerging economies that
don't have the money and the access to the high-tech Western medicine.
Because if we don't get them there, we're just going to have more problems.
Now, there's a statement along the lines that about 10% of the populations target
the WHO talk about is about 10% of the populations in all these emerging
economies.
Well, that pretty much lines up with the idea that Gert has loaded and I'm very
actively promoting and also floating.
What we really ought to be doing is an extent that we're vaccinating.
We ought to be vaccinating people that are highest-risk, the elderly and
morbidly obese and the other folks that are at very high risk because they're
pre-existing conditions.
Anybody that we want to get rid of, we should be vaccinating right now.
That's, I think, his attitude here.
Anybody that's a burden on the system, you know, young people,
young people that are in permanent care, people without, you know,
relatives, old, old, old people with multiple comorbidities,
these people need to be vaccinated.
And that's saying that the vaccine works, right?
Can you please see that this means that the vaccine works?
He's not saying that the risk benefit for transfection for anybody is bad,
which is what I'm saying.
He's saying that for certain people,
transfection is fine because the virus in combination with their really bad
health makes the risks of transfection worthwhile.
And this is diabolical.
I mean, it's diabolical because this is the slippery slope, right?
Because you're on Carol, who's really, you know, worried about it.
She's going to take the vaccine then.
And you're, you know, your mom's friend from the bowling alley.
She's, she's going to take it.
She's going to make all of her friends take it because, you know,
the virus is really bad.
I don't want long COVID.
That's what this is so dire.
That's why this is so diabolical.
He's not really coming out, guys.
He's not coming out and saying don't take it.
If he says, well, teenagers probably, probably shouldn't take it.
And that's why you know, that's how you know.
He came to be on Bobby's team.
And then he never said one damn word about the vaccine.
Is Peter McCulloch trying to get on the Bobby train?
No.
Is Peter McCulloch saying, don't take the kids' shots.
Your damn right he is.
And that's gigantic because that's what separates Robert Malone from Bobby.
It's what separates Robert Malone from so many of the people on this side.
It even separates him from people like the Braggons who have been speaking up about this stuff for years.
But it most certainly separates him from Bobby because he has not spoken once, not one time,
about the vaccination schedule and why would he?
He's been advocating for vaccines and their testing
and technologies for their fill and finish.
And he's been working with companies like Solve on on flu vaccines with people like hair-funded motion.
This guy has had his uniform on for 20 years.
And now just because he's not wearing it and he's on vacation or retired,
you think that his values have changed?
Come on, ladies and gentlemen.
Now that we can see through this guy, what do we know?
How do the pieces move on the board when Dr. Peter McCulloch says, you know what?
If I was a mom today, I would forego the vaccines.
Wow.
I mean, wow.
Do you think Robert Malone's ever going to say those words come up?
He's never going to even approach the possibility of saying those words.
And that's how you know.
That's how you know.
You can just see it because people either continue and climb all the way out of the cave and go,
holy shit, was it dark in there?
Or they stop right before the hole and they start reading stories.
And that's what this guy's doing.
He's stopping right below the hole, kick the ladder out of the way,
let the light come down a little bit.
He's telling stories and making shadows with the light from the hole.
That's all he's doing.
He substituted the fire with another light source and we're getting a little more fresh air.
That's it.
Nothing else.
And we're so close, ladies and gentlemen, how close are we?
Because Peter McCulloch just freaking climbed out.
Peter McCulloch just climbed out of the hole, man.
It's just fantastic.
Let's listen to this, this most interesting disambiguation wizard.
So that's where the vaccine should go and we should not be vaccinating everybody else because we're just going to create a monster over the long term.
Of a resisted virus.
And then our vaccines are not going to be useful for anything.
See, so the vaccines are good.
It's just that mass applying a vaccine which builds immunity to the spike protein is going to push that virus in weird curvy ways.
And once it goes in weird curvy ways, we're going to have viral variants that affect everybody.
It'll just be a disaster, but that's 100% wrong.
It's 100% wrong because all the control group is going to be fine.
And it's not the virus that's changing, ladies and gentlemen.
It's the transfected people.
And that's the worst part of this mythology that nobody seems to have grasped yet.
Not even really me.
But that's how this story has its motion.
That's why when you open the books pages, the little people pop out.
That's how it works because the immune system of the transfected people is being weakened.
And maybe they're building a tolerance to coronaviruses that allows coronavirus infection to be more sustained.
Maybe it allows it to become more severe.
Maybe it'll take a while before anything happens.
But in no way shape or form is coronavirus becoming stronger because people are being transfected.
Think about how dumb that sounds when you say it out loud.
The virus is getting stronger because people are being transfected.
No way that makes any sense.
There's no way that makes any sense.
But what we can imagine is that the people who are being transfected are being permanently altered in a way that makes them sick more often.
And using PCR to decide how they're being sick is just plain ridiculous at this point while we're winning.
We're winning with this steady pressure, ladies and gentlemen, we're winning.
So the last part of this whole logic now that I rolled out with Peter Navarro.
This is not a plug for Steve Bannon.
On his war room on Saturday, I actually drove up to BC to the recording studio to talk about this.
The other part of this is we got to emphasize drugs for those people that aren't vaccinated that do develop sickness or do end up in the hospital.
And preferably for those people, right now we've got to sit for those people that are outpatients.
Right now we've got a situation where if you get sick with COVID and you go to the emergency room, they say,
come back when your lips are blue, and then maybe we'll treat you.
And they send you out the door with anything? No, they send you out with a pat on the head and the direction to come back when you're really sick.
This makes it so that the disease progresses in all these people, like you and me, if we happen to get this delta variant and we aren't already vaccinated.
So the logical thing to do is to make drugs available and promote them.
Actually, when they sent those people home at that time, when they had low oxygen level and they couldn't breathe and it was painful, they probably already had pneumonia.
And so they sent them home with bacterial pneumonia and told them to come back when they're really sick.
How many people would they have to do that to on average before something terrible would happen?
You see what we're dealing with here?
We're dealing with a very carefully crafted narrative where you drive really fast past the truth.
And because he's telling a story and you're paying attention and the suspension on the car is really good, you don't notice the potholes.
You miss the homeless people. You don't see the blood. You don't hear the gunshots because the car is so silent and the doors close with such a...
And that's what this guy's doing. That's what the TV does.
It takes you through the inner city where everybody's dying in a luxury sedan with NPR on.
And you go through this like all the lights are green.
And before you know it, you've had a little conversation and he lit a cigar and before you know it, you're back in the northern suburbs.
And you're talking about bullshit. You're not talking about people dying from remdesivir anymore.
You're not talking about people dying from being over ventilated.
You're not talking about people dying because they weren't given antibiotics.
But just said, oh, or back to the care home.
Not talking about any of this.
Because that's not his role.
His role is not disambiguation wizard. It's exactly the opposite.
And that's how fifth generation warfare works.
People look into the camera and they tell you exactly the opposite of what they want you to think.
Exactly the opposite of what they want you to know.
And this guy is the master.
He's been doing it since day one. I don't know who else is on his team, but I'm sure there are more.
But there's no way to see it anymore.
There's no way to see it because none of these early appearances are a guy in tears because he's afraid 10 million people are going to be damaged.
Don't you hear this?
He's not worried about people being damaged by this technology.
He's worried about the virus being encouraged to get worse by this technology's working really well.
Please tell me you can hear this.
This is not a man who's warning everybody that we need to pause this whole idea of
transfecting healthy humans because transfection ain't immunization.
That's not what he's saying.
He's saying that him and his colleague from Solve agree that this vaccination into the teeth of a pandemic is bound to piss the virus off and make it angry and make a global catastrophe.
So how is that questioning the spread of a novel virus or the fact that we have to do something or that the mRNA worked or that it's gain a function and it will come again?
It's not questioning at all. Is it?
Because he's not coming out to save everybody in 2021. Now is he?
So the people get them as soon as possible after they started developing disease.
Everybody off positions all over the world have been shouting this and being censored.
So Peter Navarro, people in Canada are losing their license.
People in the UK are losing their license.
We're saying it's very message.
Now there's a statement out from the licensing board, the governance licensing board for all the states in the United States for physicians saying that if you circulate medical misinformation, say things that aren't otherwise approved, you're at risk for losing your license.
So now I'm at risk for losing mine because of this new policy.
And as it, you know, magically, today we have announcement by Tony Fauci in a talk session at a think tank in DC where he's rolled out.
Oh, now we need to focus on drugs and developing drugs and getting drugs out to the people as soon as possible after they get infected.
But oh, by the way, drugs that he's focused on are the new ones that the pharmaceutical industry has patents on.
He's not talking about hypermechanics.
He's not talking about hydroxychloroquine.
He's not talking about pomodidine or stolocoxid or monoluchast or any of these other agents that have been shown to have activity.
He's talking about the new stuff that the pharmaceutical industries are developing and have patents on.
But this is a huge shift.
Peter Navarro and I predicted this last Saturday is that there had to be a great pivot that Tony Fauci was working on how to manage that because the data coming out of CDC, that leak slide deck, just puts, you know, makes the lies transparent, makes it so clear.
What's going on and that we've been misled.
They can't deny those.
Don't you understand how amazing the Scooby-Doo is because they are convincing you that you've been misled.
And that leaked slide deck is clearly evidence that you've been misled.
And so it's really like they're.
It's like a double cross.
You know, you, you.
It's really extraordinary what they've done to us because.
And then he leads us right by the nose.
How many times did he say leaked CDC slide deck.
Does he have to keep repeating that phrase over and over?
Is that part of the neuro linguistic programming that's going on here.
And so what else made the lies transparent.
The redacted emails, the leaked messages from Slack.
The diffuse proposal that was leaked from a D.O.D. server.
What other things make the lies apparent.
What other things make us feel like teenagers with a big dog solving a mystery by pulling the mask off of a monster to find out it's the shopkeeper.
Come on guys.
This is awesome.
We are really so close to breaking this wide open.
Miss led.
They can't, they can't deny those things now.
They have to deal with them finally.
And in particular, I don't think I mentioned one of the key things in the CDC said deck is it shows that by their own calculations.
We cannot control the spread of this virus.
With these leaky vaccines, even if 100% of people take it and perfect mask compliance from everybody.
Even with that combination, we still can't control this.
Perfect mask compliance from everybody.
We still couldn't control the spread.
Is that saying that masks work or don't work?
I think it's saying that masks work.
And even if everybody used masks and everybody took this vaccine, we wouldn't stop the virus.
Well, he's right above that.
Spread by the CDC's own calculations, which is why you saw, you know, I don't know if you caught Aaron Burnett having a meltdown on CNN and all of this, you know, this, this flop flop.
It's going on by the CDC director and Tony Fauci, et cetera, is that they kind of been caught in the lie.
And now they're having to confront the fact that everybody can see it.
The press can see they've been lied to.
And they're now having to in, you know, out in the open with all of us able to see them.
They're having to come up with a whole new storyline and promote it.
And that's what's going on today.
So, Dr, let me, let me, there's a lot of stuff on packs there.
Let me start with just to make sure I understood and our audience understands clearly what you were saying.
Are you suggesting that the report that you saw that leaked out of the CDC is that the CDC has basically admitted that the vaccines don't offer any long term protection and in fact, millions themselves do more harm than good.
That's my first question.
And number two, they've got to change the narrative to medicines as opposed to vaccines because medicines are probably where they should have started first as opposed to vaccines.
Dr.
So, on the first point, no, they're not quite yet to owning the fact that the vaccines in many age groups are provide cause more damage more risk to people than the disease does.
They're still not coming clean on that one, but they are coming clean to some extent.
You know, remember, this is a leaked document.
They didn't intend this to go public art are clearly acknowledging that these vaccines are leaky and they don't provide protection, full protection against infection replication and transmission to others.
Furthermore, they're very clear that the levels of replication in people that are vaccinated when they get infected are at least the same if not a little bit higher than in people that haven't been vaccinated.
And I saw that.
Because that's the other ticking time bomb right now, it's that the sign of potential antibody dependent enhancement.
And that's that's the big bomb that's sitting underneath all of this.
But have they come clean on the risk benefit ratio?
No, they haven't.
Dr, can you define now to the drugs as you say per toning.
That's exactly what we predicted.
And by the way, when I did my threat assessment back in the beginning of January, 2010, when I got on the fourth, I did my assessment and I said our only option in the short term is going to be drugs, particularly repurpose drugs.
And that's what I've committed my team to ever since for the last year and half.
We've had all kinds of barriers put up.
Hopefully we're about to finally get FDA approval to proceed.
But we had to drop by vermectants in our testing because they just threw up too many roadblocks for that.
Now, that's that feeds into another storyline that we now know from this new data.
So in August of 2021, he's still working on getting you a for certain combinations of repurposed drugs.
That I find a little surprising. I guess I didn't hear that when I scanned this video before. That's that's interesting.
There was another thing I wanted to say there, but I'm never going to get done up. I keep interrupting Israel showing that, in fact, I bring back an administered early on in a double blind randomized placebo controlled trial in Israeli adults is showing significant benefits.
So I just I need to I didn't want to get too far away from defined for me and in turn for our audience when you what you mean when you say leaky by vaccines.
So the the vaccines are have been calculated based on the clinical trial data, which there's some evidence that that was manipulated in some ways.
But the official calculation is that they provide 90 plus percent protection against death and disease.
What they don't tell you is that and I think we talked about this in the last time we came together, but they don't tell you about is that they didn't know how effective they are at preventing infection by the virus replication and particularly transmission.
Remember, I made the point that all of this talk that we had to have 70% vaccine uptake to get to herd immunity was just a BS because they didn't have the data to actually calculate how much vaccine uptake they needed.
Now they're saying based on the Israeli data that there's some indications that there the ability of the vaccine Pfizer to protect you from infection is something of the range of 60%.
So 40% unprotected for anyone person getting encountering the virus in aggregate.
So it doesn't protect you from completely at all from infection.
It absolutely per the CDC if you do get infected.
So what is he talking about here? If Jessica Hawkins data is correct.
If the numbers that she has are correct and there's absolutely no evidence of spread.
If he knows that dexamethasone and remdesivir are being used to grossly over inflate the numbers because of a financial incentive to do so.
Why isn't he talking about that here? But instead talking about the spread.
And how effective or not effective the RNA is at stopping spread.
We're talking about details of something that should have never been rolled out in the first place.
And not talking about the things that are being done in order to make it possible for this thing to be rolled out.
That's the thing that's the point that Mark has been trying to make so long and he gets so breathless because people don't seem to understand it.
We shouldn't even be having this conversation in August of 2021 about how well the mRNA is working because we should have never been able to scare people into thinking we needed it.
If we hadn't have used the combinations of drugs that he's talking about include remdesivir.
And if we would have been honest about whether there was spread or not, if we would have been honest about not sending people or not giving people antibiotics, if we would have been honest from the very beginning, we wouldn't have needed to roll out and mass into the teeth of a pandemic.
The mRNA.
But he's not talking about that.
He's not connecting the fact that his parading around in the background in 2020 was part of the Ant Hill that was shuffling around to get all this stuff going.
He's not talking about the fact that all of that shuffling around and all of that ignoring remdesivir from April onward was the reason why anybody or many people were dying to begin with.
And the concept that those two are disconnected from one another that the whole reason why he's able to be a year and a half into it still going after emergency use authorizations is because of perpetuating this narrative about a dangerous virus and delta spreading and are not factor eight.
He can't have one without the other.
He can't not sustain that narrative if he's also going to be pushing a combination of drugs in the background as a leading trial dot it out, whatever he is.
And we're never going to get to the point where we can use inhaled vaccines or vaccines that are muculsily targeted with genetic material.
If we don't get rid of this, this mRNA shit that's not under patent anymore.
But he's got to walk a very fine line because he doesn't want to say there's no virus because we've got to have vaccines in the future because he's got the patents for him.
He doesn't want to say there's no virus because he's trying to get you a's and getting it on that side game a little bit by consulting with people who want to get on that side game a little bit.
You know, like Steve Kirsch that he was talking to almost every hour at this time because that's what he said on the Paul control video that he's talking to Steve Kirsch almost every hour at this point.
We are pushing back. We are pushing back hard to get your body are the same or higher than people who were never vaccinated in the first place.
And it doesn't protect against your ability to infect a third party and it could well be that those higher levels of virus replication when you do get infected leads to even better infection than with the alpha virus variants.
That's what the numbers would say they are not at eight.
So this is incredibly infectious.
As you say the data randomly infectious and my wife was pulling through the press article this morning.
She noticed that what they are doing is again and again again the press is saying, oh this hospital is full and that it's all anecdotal.
And it doesn't account for the fact that much of this hospital traffic has actually been delayed treatments for elective surgeries and things like that that people have scheduled because they felt that we were finally coming out of the cloud of carbon.
Schedule elective surgery tomorrow as you know, you know, you got to get in line.
And so much of the surge in the hospitals is nothing to do with COVID.
I think you kind of touched on that in your opening there.
So, so the press is clearly pushing the story still pushing the storyline of universal vaccination that the unvaccinated of the problem they're killing the rest of us.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's so bad.
Our hospitals are filling up the data.
As you say, do not support that.
That is just more scare tactics.
Maybe that's going to change, but not right now.
Dr. Daryl and I had a long discussion about the question I want to ask you.
And we were convinced ourselves that it was going to be a very controversial question.
And I want to ask you the question, but I want to premise it by saying if, for whatever reason, you choose not to want to answer the question, we'll respect your opinion.
Okay, fair enough.
Dr.
Some people who are not medical professionals have instincts and they, on lots of different things, they seem to know, at least for them,
what might be right and what might be wrong.
And my question to you is that the Biden administration is unmercifully chastising blacks and minorities who have chosen not to get the vaccine for their own particular reasons as being anti American racist, whatever you want to call there.
They're going after them with a vengeance.
But there's a part of me that wants to ask you the question.
Maybe intuitively the blacks and minorities who have refused the vaccine are smarter than the rest of us.
I'm totally okay talking about that.
So we talked about this before a little bit, you know, that these groups have prior experience with the heavy handed government when it comes to public health.
And we mentioned Tuskegee as the poster child for this, but there are many others.
There was a study done that was published in one of the main newspapers of the day at things new times that looked at the level of knowledge of people that were.
Vaccine hesitant, I think, is the term that's used the politically correct term, which is to say the ones that aren't accepting the vaccine. They're not necessarily rabid, both anti-vaxxers.
You know, they're not go big tree, but they are in the same position of, hey, I'm not convinced that this makes sense for me.
And so the study was done. Are these people just basically the uneducated?
You know, we've heard the deplorables or other things, you know, these are the deplorables that are uneducated that are refusing to take vaccine or what.
It turns out they're very highly educated and have very good understanding of the issue, perhaps because they have to defend themselves to all their peers that are saying, I mean, that's so why aren't you taking the vaccine?
But in fact, the evidence is that the people that are not accepting vaccine have a very high degree of understanding.
So this fits into the meme of the sheeple versus non sheeple.
And the data kind of supports the people that are in this position of being vaccine hesitant are actually more informed than most of the ones that are just saying go along and get along.
So, you know, if the these various subpopulations that you're referring to that are characterized by their, you know, by the skin color, but, you know, for instance, just to make the point, I have dark skin.
But I'm not African Americans, I'm not a vaccine that I took it, but I wish I hadn't made me sicker.
But I don't think you can really define people by their skin color.
Does he have dark skin to you?
The hell is he talking about?
He's got dark skin.
Did he really just say that?
I'm a little confused what just happened there. Did he really say that he has dark skin and he's not vaccine hesitant?
The other guy used the word blacks. Can we use that word?
Is that allowed? Does that, does that, I don't even know how that rule works anymore?
That doesn't sound like a word that they use on TV very often, blacks.
I don't know.
It seemed a little, but that's the name of their thing.
I think it's more about their culture and that's my personal opinion.
And these cultures that you're identifying being reluctant, I think a lot of them, as you say, have experiential wisdom.
It goes back off in generations and a healthy skepticism.
And in this day and age, I got to say, who can you trust anymore?
That's my message all along has been, but the government owes us.
I agree with Mark. He actually looks surprisingly like Morgan Friedman.
It's just he's missing some freckles. I mean, other than that, it's practically the same.
The government is supposed to give us full disclosure and they need to let us make our own choice.
And if you want to just go along with the party line, that's your choice.
I'm not telling you what to do. I'm not telling you to take vaccine or don't take vaccine.
My position is get educated, make your decision about what works for you and your body and your risk factors.
And then go.
So he's not telling you whether to take it or not. Do you hear him?
He's not telling you whether to take it or not. It may have 2021.
I wrote in a article where I said that we should pause and everybody should stop.
At that time, I didn't realize that it was as bad as it was.
I really thought that it might be doing something also to the virus. I didn't.
I hadn't become so introspective on the biology of RNA yet and therefore I haven't really learned.
How bad.
The.
How bad the mythology was.
Now, if I could add one more log to that part.
I have some colleagues that have developed artificial intelligence and machine learning based tools.
You can load on your cell phone.
Pretty much all of us have got one now.
Maybe grandmother does it.
But for the most part, we all have smartphones.
And you can load these applications on your smartphones.
He and answer a little questionnaire about your characteristics where you live.
And they will give you a numeric risk factor for what your risk is of getting hospitalized or dying from COVID.
And why don't we have something like that? Why isn't that distributed by the government?
The government wants to do us good.
They ought to give us the information, give us a tool to figure out our own risk and enable us to make informed decisions.
Not take this authoritarian.
You know, you're going to.
Did you hear that?
He just said.
Am I sparking out here? I feel like I'm sparking out.
He just said that why doesn't there, you know, these A.I.
These A.I. things exist.
And you could just put it on your phone and you could tell your A.I.
You could tell your A.I. where you live and your characteristics.
And it could give you generic risk factors for COVID.
You know, based on where you live and your lifestyle and your body fat and all other stuff.
Why doesn't the government do that for us so that we can make informed decisions about what we should do next?
Why doesn't the government give us an app on our phone where we can put in all of our biological data?
And then the A.I. can tell us what to do?
Why doesn't the government do something like that for us as Robert Malone?
Why doesn't the government give us an A.I. on our phone that will tell us what to do, says Robert Malone?
He and, you know, answer a little questionnaire about your characteristics where you live.
And they will give you a numeric risk factor for what your risk is of getting hospitalized or dying from COVID.
And why don't we have something like that?
Why is that distributed by the government?
The government wants to do us good.
They ought to give us the information.
Give us a tool to figure out our own risk and enable us to make informed decisions.
Not take this authoritarian, you know, you're going to do this or else.
We're going to make it so you can't get employment and you have to get tested every week and spend $250 a test.
And all this kind of crazy talk that we're all, you know, being shoved down a throat.
And why is the Biden administration doing this?
I don't know.
It seems so self-defeating.
I mean, those populations you just talked about and the angry mothers and the young adults that are being forced to take the jab
when they go back to university.
That's it.
Those populations don't vote democratic.
It's going to be hard times in River City for this locian company.
So I think that they're just cutting off their nose.
Despite their face.
I don't understand it.
Doctor, I have one more question.
Then we're going to go to Daryl.
I'm going to call.
So it's really all about votes.
It's not about saving lives or, you know, it's about governance.
It's about politics.
It's about power.
And influence.
It's not about saving kids.
He could just say right now, if I had one message, because he asked him, what is the one message you want to give to my viewers?
He could have said, well, I'd like to tell all those college kids that it would be better to take a year off than to take a shot to go back.
Because that's what I said.
And I can't believe how many people wouldn't do it.
I can't believe how many people thought that was crazy.
But that's really what we should have said to all of them.
And that would have ended this nonsense in one fell swoop.
But nobody had the balls to say that.
At least of all this guy.
Because he wasn't coming out to save us.
He was just coming out to make sure that we didn't stray from the narrative.
That we didn't stray from the faith.
That there was a novel virus that was called Delta at this time.
That we had to do something and we probably should probably work pretty well.
But it won't work if we give it to everybody.
I mean, masks don't even work if we give those to everybody.
But then goodness, we did something.
And it might come again because, you know, they were doing, they were fooling around.
And that's coming later.
We're going to get them to come in later.
The whole time.
So they're all getting ready.
Doctor, I want to try and answer your question.
Your recent question will lie.
Darren, I've discussed this and I believe and I've written that this is all destruction.
Why we're back on the virus and vaccinations and testing and all this stuff is that the
Democrats realize they got a problem called the border, called inflation, called rising
prices of gasoline and food and lumber and everything else.
And the American people are not happy.
So the Democrats have to go back to fear and that's COVID and the new Delta virus to distract
the American people using fear as a weapon to distract them away from the other problems
that are going on in our country.
So that's my answer to you.
I like that hypothesis a lot better than there's a grand conspiracy at Davos between George
Soros and Bill Gates and Tony Fauci.
That's what you just laid out as real policy.
And in my experience, that's the way the world really is.
These grand conspiracies that happen among rich people, maybe they happen, maybe they don't,
but they don't invite me.
But that, which you just laid out, that's real world.
And I think there is probably a lot of merit to that.
You might guess you at any time you want.
Daryl, it's up to you.
Alrighty.
I think there's a lot more merit to the idea that there are people on both sides of the
aisle that are working together to do this and has nothing to do with Democrat or Republican,
but they damn well would love you to think it does.
They would love you to think it does.
What do most people in America think of this guy right now?
Do they think of him as blue or red?
I have the feeling that the people on the view think of him as red.
They might even think of him as white nationalists.
And that's an illusion.
Mark Hewsatonic, Mark Koolak has shown us over and over and over again in this guy's history
that him and his wife have supported everybody on the left.
They've praised Peter Hotez.
They have praised Barack Obama.
They have lambasted the idea that the election was stolen.
This is incredible times, ladies and gentlemen, because the illusion is breaking.
The House of Mirrors, somebody is going through the House of Mirrors right now.
Mark and I are going through the House of Mirrors right now with hammers.
And every room that we enter becomes less difficult to navigate once we leave it.
And the House of Mirrors is running out of rooms, ladies and gentlemen,
so people are starting to find the way out.
Well, you know, Dr. Malone, I love you, brother.
I mean, you still rock.
All right, the question I have for you is, do you find it strange that after, I mean,
the virus is, it is basically a man-made virus used for, some people call it warfare.
Okay, we can deal with that word.
And it was released.
Do you find it strange that Fauci and the rest of the fun bunch really disavow themselves from it?
So, to your point, let's take a ride in the way back machine.
And remember, once a long ago that Mr. Biden came out and said,
we're going to get to the bottom of this lab leak hypothesis.
And I'm going to ask, and I'm going to insist on the CIA giving me the full story.
And we're going to get to the bottom of this right away.
And then it has been nothing but crickets chirping ever since.
And that, but I swear, after he did that, I saw his face get long ever since.
He just seems to have kind of gotten grim.
And I, you know, this, you know, this is like, did he finally get access to the Kennedy?
Of course this is on, you know, too.
It, it sure looks like he had it come to Jesus moment and he didn't like it very much.
And, um.
I'll give you the lingola.
For your archiving pleasure, I suggest you watch it.
There it is.
I mean, many of my peers are increasingly of the opinion that this has hallmarks of a product of gain of function research.
The thing that I can't, which is a fancy way of saying that manufactured.
The thing I can't.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
You didn't sneak out the back door and move on.
And yes, the signs are that both my friends at DOD and the good Dr. Fauci.
Um, you know, we're told that you cannot do gain of function research.
And so they, they kind of pivoted and said, oh, it's okay.
We're going to let the Chinese to cook for that makes a lot of sense.
And we're going to send them a bunch of money to do it.
Um, so, so there's those, those, those red crumbs of this.
So gain of function research and coronavirus has definitely happened.
Uh, is this the product of that gain of function research?
This is another one of those.
It looks like a duck.
It walks like a duck.
It quacks like a duck.
But how can you approve?
It's a duck.
Um, you know, maybe it's a pigeon.
Uh, but it sure looks like a duck.
And, uh, the thing I can't sort out and I don't know.
Anybody can is did it escape out the back door at the Wuhan lab?
You know, by, and they're filling the blank.
There's a number of ways that could happen.
There was an event in the laboratory.
People got infected and then they walked around and spread it because it has a long
prodrome period was somebody selling dead carcasses from laboratory animals
out the back door to go to the secret.
A long prodrome period.
Who else used that word?
Dr. Giordano used that word.
I think he called it a predrome.
Predrome old period.
I mean, we're talking about the worst kind of Scooby-Doo being laid out right here
just right before your eyes.
Just like the leaked CDC slide deck reveals that they've been covering up the
fact that the vaccine won't stop Delta.
And covering up the fact that natural immunity only lasts for about six
months, just like the vaccine.
How cooinky, dinky, curious is that now we can't say the vaccine doesn't work
because our own bodies don't work.
And now he's telling us that another sort of kind of leak thing
where people are slowly telling us the truth.
It's all being done with the same tactics all the time.
Making you feel like that you're watching a mystery being solved.
You're catching people in their lives.
Masks are being removed.
And eventually there's going to be a perp walk.
And one of these really fancy lawyers, you know, like Thomas Wrens or
I don't know, Barnes or somebody else is going to be
standing at some podium saying we brought justice.
It's not going to happen.
The market would be, you know, or, or, you know, animals off experiment.
That kind of thing totally makes sense.
Having worked at the Primate Research Center, you know, there's always
interest in recycling lab animals after they've been used any way you can.
And if it was a country like China where you got people eating, you know,
buying live animals in a market, it's located just a couple blocks from the
fiberball GS to kind of why wouldn't that happen?
You'd expect it to happen almost.
They'd have to have pretty tight controls to keep it from happening, you know,
the janitor, right?
You know, look at the collection.
It's all like, hey, I can make an extra buck or yen or whatever the monetary thing
is.
And you know, how can you say this wouldn't happen?
The other thing that could have happened, and you mentioned the word
biowarefare or bioweapon, there's no way to rule out that somebody didn't
let this puppy lose intentionally.
And who would have let, who would want.
And that's the trick about clones that everybody needs to understand.
If you let this puppy out intentionally and you only had a glass full,
it wouldn't go anywhere.
If you let this puppy out intentionally and you had it aerosolized
and you had several liters of it and you applied it in the right place,
it could go somewhere for a while.
Fill it, fill a plane full of it, and it could go somewhere for a while.
But like the original SARS virus that infected roughly 10,000 people
and killed 700, there's not really much more that a clone can do.
But what it can do, if applied widely enough, is be cloned.
I mean, sorry, be sequenced.
And that sequence can be shared.
And so people in Italy and in Iran and Wuhan and in Washington
can all find the same sequence.
And it can be very high fidelity.
It can be very easy to culture and get a very high fidelity sequence read on it.
And is he going to tell you that?
No.
Is he going to explain to you why it would be very rare for an RNA to do this?
He's just going to talk about how it got out and how it would be almost impossible
to stop it from getting out.
But if it doesn't get out in sufficient quantities, where's it going to go?
It's going to go nowhere.
Nowhere.
It's not quite a watch, okay?
But it's kind of like a watch.
You make a really fancy watch that works really well.
You put it out on the street and people can make it.
And they've never seen a watch before.
Somebody might try to make it.
And somebody might be able to make it pretty well, but not very many people.
And the ones that can make it well will be able to sell those watches that they make.
But they won't go very far either because those people won't be able to repair them
and they won't want to make them.
And some people will learn how to make those, but they won't be as good as the original ones
because the original one is much better.
And if you don't have that one to look at, you don't really have a model to make.
And so if you make the most perfect watch in the world and you put it out on the street
in the most perfect watchmaking city in Switzerland,
it's not going to take over the whole watchmaking industry and spread all around the world
until everybody was wearing that watch.
No matter how good it is, because that's not the way the way this thing works.
That's not the way these things work.
And if there is an occasional virus that is detectable in that way,
is uniform in that way, it's not able to pandemic because, as he just said earlier,
genetically each of our responses is unique.
Just like our genetic code is unique, our immune response is based largely
on genetic sequences found in our genome,
which are generated by the combination of immune sequences from your mother
and from your father.
And that combination, by definition, is unique even from your brothers and sisters.
And therefore, when a virus moves through you and it avoids your immune system
and able to replicate because of its fitness
because of its shape or however you want to imagine it,
when it encounters the immune system of your family member,
it's not going to encounter somebody with the same holes in their armor.
Because for the same virus that your brother met,
he will have a whole different complement of T cells that are aimed
at a whole different complement of epitopes.
Some of them will focus on the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
Some will focus on the end protein, but none of them will focus on exactly
the same epitopes that your immune system focused on.
And so even if the precise fit of this coronavirus was good for you,
it's not going to be good for everybody around you
because they too have coronavirus immunity,
but it's very different than yours.
It's so different, it's unique.
Just as Robert Malone pointed out 20 minutes ago in this video.
To let loose an agent in the literally beating industrial heart of China,
I doubt it was the People's Republic of China.
So I can't resolve these different potential ways that this agent could have gotten loose,
but the fearing cleavage site and some of the other signs,
whether or not there is an HIV sequence in there.
The veer and cleavage site,
so an extra enzyme site makes it possible for it to pandemic,
according to people like Rick See.
And his evidence is that because when they find a fear and cleavage site,
they take it out of the flu vaccine.
And so they're real careful about fear and cleavage site with the flu vaccine.
They never put that in flu vaccines.
And so that must mean that a fear and cleavage site in the coronavirus
would mean like a nuclear bomb, you know, like kim.com nuclear bomb.
And so he mentions fear and cleavage site.
He mentions the AIDS sequences.
Why HIV sequences? Why does he do that?
Because it's a Scooby-Doo.
Because he is laying down all the narrative.
Maybe he's going to repeat this leaked slide deck again.
It kind of, it looks an awful lot like something that came out of laboratory research.
But in the sense, it kind of doesn't matter because here we are.
You know, it's gone worldwide.
Now, one of the things about this, all this issue about what happened to women is that...
So it kind of doesn't matter because it's already gone worldwide.
Now, how magical is that if it was a background?
How magical is that spell that he just cast?
If this is really just a background coronavirus signal,
a background exosomal signal, a background RNA virus signal,
it would have been detectable just as robustly in 2018
as it was in 2019, as it was in 2020.
And it was the rollout of all these crazy protocols
and the assumption that we didn't know what we were doing
and that antibiotics don't work on a virus
that ended up making this disease or this signal
that was detectable by PCR.
This signal became deadly because of the protocols.
What if that's the case?
And that that signal was always there.
And then he says something like this.
But in the sense, it kind of doesn't matter because here we are.
You know, it's gone worldwide.
Now, one of the things about this...
What does it mean if he says that?
Laboratory research.
But in the sense, it kind of doesn't matter because here we are.
You know, it's gone worldwide.
Now, one of the things about this, all this...
It means that you've already accepted the faith.
And so then the only thing left to do is solve the scooby-doo.
You are being bamboozled by this man and others
to accept the faith in a common novel virus
for which everyone was vulnerable.
You are being bamboozled into accepting the faith
that the mRNA was effective
just as we chose the wrong protein
and that we can't vaccinate it into the teeth of a pandemic
and that it's the reason why Delta is avoiding us
and the reason why all these variants will avoid us.
It's not that the transfection is wholly inadequate to augment the immune system.
It's nothing to do with the dangers of transfection.
It has to do with the unfortunate consequences
of gain-of-function research in a pandemic.
But it doesn't really matter if it's gain-of-function research.
I mean, yeah, you can tell stories and make people scared,
but it doesn't really matter because it's here now.
But it might be a great reason to take the shot, you know,
because you don't want gain-of-function long COVID.
I mean, a long COVID was bad before,
but gain-of-function long COVID.
Now, that shit's bad.
The issue about what happened in World War II
is that I had this colleague that I published with before
who works for one of our three better agencies in the government.
And early on, he assured me that this absolutely was not a lably
and it was not an engineered virus.
Absolutely.
He said, my guys have looked at it carefully
and it has none of the signs of being engineered.
Well, he said that so early in the outbreak
that that in and of itself is a little odd.
And he told me the story that the Chinese had this amazing infrastructure
that they'd spent over a billion a year on for years and years
after the SARS outbreak designed to contain any SARS-like virus,
whole bunch of infrastructure.
Now, clearly, that didn't work so good.
It's like imagine a line in France to keep the German tanks away.
You remember how well that worked.
But they thought they had this.
So one could imagine a scenario wherein an agent was released
with a full expectation that they would damage the Chinese economy,
but they would keep it in check.
So did that happen?
I don't know.
It's a possibility.
The other thing about this, as you mentioned,
is that I mentioned the tree.
So an agent was released in Wuhan
and they thought that China would contain it,
but they didn't contain it.
So how do we explain what happened in Iran then?
This is some shady business right here.
This is some magic campfire story shit right here,
and we've got to wake up and apologize for not seeing it earlier
because this is some real wicked stuff.
We are really in the midst of uncovering the most malevolent scheme
in American history.
People playing both sides of the aisle,
red team and blue team are hurting us into the avatar as we speak.
That we have with most nations,
in which we agree that we're not going to produce legal bioworefer agents
and just deploy them.
We shut all that down.
We used to do it.
We developed some of the most legal in the world.
We've never seen before.
We actually tested them in the field.
That's no longer classified.
So I can mention it.
We developed some really nasty stuff in the 60s that worked like gamebusters.
But then we signed this treaty with the Soviet Union and others
saying that we wouldn't do it, they wouldn't do it.
But what the treaty doesn't say is that you can't develop and deploy
what are called incapacitating agents.
These are things that make you so sick that you're not willing to go carry a gun
or fight anybody.
You're not willing to do much of anything.
You know, maybe you've got a really bad headache or whatever,
or meningitis, but it doesn't kill you.
Well, technically those things are still allowed.
And I can tell you that our government is very aware of that, that's the case.
And that's why they pay people like me, in part,
but directly or indirectly, is to come up with new systems
so that make it so that if somebody does deploy an incapacitating agent,
we have things that will protect our firefighters from that.
But the scenario that you've mentioned, as I'm saying,
there's no way that I can say who the good guys were and who the bad guys were.
It's just too twisted up to make miracles.
Well, I mean, you gave a very nice explanation of it.
And it was kind.
I like what you said.
It was very kind.
And instead of just saying, excuse me,
now you're in pharmaceuticals.
At first you were doing this, Fauci.
Now the whole fun bunch is on another level.
Can we accurately say that the HIV AIDS virus was data functioning?
No.
That has been traced really thoroughly back into primate populations in Africa.
So that one has pretty well been run to ground.
Now, I can tell you that having been discovered,
people that I used to work next to at UC Davis,
we're busy doing data function research and creating hybrid viruses
between the human AIDS virus and the monkey AIDS virus
and putting inside of kinds and other things
to make those recombinants more pathogenic.
And they thought that was perfectly okay.
When I objected to them, they did everything they could to drive me out of the laboratory.
But we talked about this before, you know,
there are some kind of science people that they think that they...
That sound wasn't in my room.
That seems to confirm the idea that Gallo was mixing a bunch of sarcoma viruses
in a dish to try and get them to recombine in the nastier things,
which is what that guy that was lost his mind over the AIDS virus
and did all those really nice documentaries said for a very long time
and that he even confronted Gallo in a videotaped press conference
where Gallo made fun of him for saying that he did that stuff, but he did it.
And here's Robert Malone regaling the same tale
and about how he said it wasn't a good idea either.
Is he absorbing that guy's story right now
and pretending that he spoke out against the recombinant
fooling around with sarcoma viruses from different animals?
Is he really saying that? I think he is.
Are sufficient smartness and training and status
but they should be allowed to play with their toys
and we don't have the right to tell them not to.
And clearly that's not the case.
And somehow we've got to reign those people in
and make it so that if they do play with their toys in ways that we all agree they shouldn't,
they lose their right to have anything to do with this space.
And it's not okay when we say no, no, no, you can't do that.
You can't play with your toys like that.
They just go offshore and go do it through surrogates in China.
That deserves a pretty heavy response in my opinion, but nothing is being done.
You know, there's no consequences.
And so what do you think is going to happen next time?
Everybody's going to look at that and they're going to say, well, who cares?
So what? Those are the rules. I can do whatever I want because you're not going to come after.
Right? Isn't that the way that works?
That's the way it looks like it works. I mean, in modern times.
If I can go rock the Bank of America down the street and everybody says, oh, that's okay, boy.
You know, you are smart and well educated and we're not going to do anything about it.
Next time I might, who needs an ATM?
So how come that doesn't apply to vaccines? How come that doesn't apply to countermeasures?
How come that doesn't apply to working on DOD contracts?
Of course it applies to that. It's what he's describing himself when he's laughing about that.
Who needs an ATM when you can get government contracts?
Who needs an ATM when you can get no bid government contracts?
Who needs an ATM when you can work for DITRA and contract for people who work for DITRA?
Who needs an ATM when your best friend who used to sleep on your couch is the head of science DITRA?
So, you know, I just don't know what to say. There just doesn't seem to be any rules anymore
that apply to these people that are in these positions.
The thing that's blown my mind is the justice that this happened a couple weeks ago.
The justice department, the Biden administration got their justice department to put down a decision
saying that the FDA is not bound by the common rule and all of the federal law that has to do
with clinical research protections for human subjects.
So, yeah, that doesn't mean that remember tough TV.
You're right. And there's now a formal opinion that the FDA doesn't have to abide by those rules.
I thought Congress got together and said, hey, why is he smiling so much?
I'm going to go to bed because it's 11 o'clock and I don't want to cut it off so short,
but I also don't want it. I don't want it to go any longer.
And I'm done. I gave you the stream once. I'm going to give it to you again, or the video, rather,
so that if you want to watch the rest of it, you can.
And if you find something interesting, please give me a link to it and we'll get on with it from there.
I don't know. I just feel like at some point, you know, the message is out and we've got to just keep pushing.
All we got to do is keep pushing. Remember that I think that they told us that there was a novel virus, but there really wasn't.
And there was probably a clone which they used to seed the pandemic in different places.
And depending on how much clone they actually distributed it and how they distributed it,
many people could have shown various symptoms depending on what that clone was.
If it was a clone of the entire virus or just a transvection of the spike, any of these would have been expected to cause some kind of immune response.
Now, if the goal was to sequence the virus and make sure that it was many places, they would have used the whole clone.
The point is that they rolled this in with influenza and any other respiratory virus
and any other poor person with multiple core morbidities that they could as long as the PCR test was positive
or as long as they could manage to sneak them in.
And I think in places like New York City, some really nasty things went on in order to seed the narrative.
Something really bad had to happen in New York for everybody else to believe what was going on
in order for these protocols to be enforced all around the United States.
And the protocols allowed this graph down here to happen and their plan is really to take it all away from us.
It's for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen. It's really for all the marbles.
It's for your kids' futures and it's for your grandchildren's futures.
It's for all the marbles. If you want to talk to me or chat with me, you can go to GigaOM.Bio
or you can go to GigaOMbiological.com and you can find the soapbox link, which will also take you there.
This has been GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Street brought to you by a biologist.
Transfection is an immunization and injection of any combination of chemicals into your muscle
in order to augment your immune system is dumb.
Again, stop all transfections and humans because they're trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
Thanks very much for joining me, guys.
There's been a lot of people here tonight. Wow, a hundred something. That's really great.
I am Katniss, Susie. Fun times. I see a lot of people. I recognize. I'm really happy.
I hope you're seeing how much work I'm putting in.
I hope I'm doing all of my subscribers service here and making them proud.
It's three years, man. Three years we've been doing this now.
Really, really three years we've been doing this. Thanks very much for making it possible.
Don't forget to check this out. It's a really good introduction to me.
If you want to share something that somebody has never met before, this would probably be the one.
And then after that, we can invite them to the stream and push them into the deep end.
Thanks, guys.
Keep the flashlight forward, baby. Keep the flashlight forward.
Love you, Pamela. Good to see you, Jason. M.
Meltdown. Lisa.
The Baeke.
I don't know what that is, H.I.D.
Garden variety, humans. Good to see you.
You can apply six. All you guys, thanks for joining me. I'll see you guys again tomorrow.
You got to watch the whole one, though, Piano Fab. Not just half of it.
The part where I start drawing is actually the best part, so if you haven't seen me drawing, you're missing it.